Add example for queue and tag targeting rule (#2399)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/cli_start.md

If you specify a `queue` and [agent `tags`](#agent-targeting), your build will only run on agents that match **all** of the specified criteria.

> For example, if a job has agent targeting rules set as shown below then an agent should be present which has both queue=test and postgres=1.9.4 otherwise job will not schedule to an agent.

Reviewer: General style nitpicks:

```suggestion
For example, if a job has the following agent targeting rules, an agent with both `queue=test` and `postgres=1.9.4` should be present. Otherwise, the job will not dispatch to an agent.
```
